Simplify A1a2+++++) (#1092)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-guidelines.md

- A1a2+++) [ADDITION] If the result from an attempt is unavailable (e.g. the timer was reset), the judge should consult the WCA Delegate and make an estimate of the elapsed time for the attempt. This estimate counts towards the time limit, but must not be used as the basis of an official result for the individual attempt.
- A1a2++++) [EXAMPLE] If a round has a cumulative time limit of 20 minutes and a time limit of 8 minutes, and the competitor's results of the first two attempts are 7:00 and 7:30, then the time limit for the third attempt is the lowest time of 20:00 - 7:00 - 7:30 = 5:30 and 8:00, i.e. 5:30.

> - A1a2+++++) [CLARIFICATION] If a competitor reaches a cumulative time limit, the result of each their remaining attempts in the round is recorded as DNS (Did Not Start).

Author: 🤦 I'm missing another "of".

> - A1a2+++++) [CLARIFICATION] In a competitor reaches a cumulative time limited, the result of each their remaining attempts in the round is recorded as DNS (Did Not Start).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A1a2+++++) [CLARIFICATION] If a competitor reaches a cumulative time limit, the result of each their remaining attempts in the round is recorded as DNS (Did Not Start).
```
